# Vietnam and Korea
I wanted to hate the city from the glass stained windows to the granite walls I wanted to hate it all. Everything in the city is a memory, to the point where I found myself remembering something that I had never experienced. I saw sacafice of the men and women who walked this nation before me. the ones who cried before me, the ones who laughed, and ones men who laid down their life and as a result I could honor them.

The first memorials that my group visited was the vietnan and korea memorials. I dont believe for a second they died so I could walk where they couldn't. **58,220** in vietnam **36,574** in korea. While walking through the vietnam memorial, a scar on the land, the names all blured together. from an outside persepctive names are nothing but letters strung together as a form of idenitifcan, this disconnect between idenity and name is amplified by the fact that name can be represented on a number. Everything you have just read is a number, and everything you will read is till the end of this essay is a number. names, words, symbols do not have Intrinsic value. It is the job of each indiviual persons to relate those charactures to its value. a feat made diffucult by the complexity of life the each name is assigned to. remembering the life of one man, women, and child is damn near impossible as they can truly only live on in the ones that knew them. the ones that cried with them, the ones that laughed with them. Now try and honor close to sixty thousand.

As I gazed apon the stone echied with the names of soliders. I found truth in the words of the Idealogical enemy of all these deaths were for. The korean and vietnam were not fought because the states was in any drastic impending danger, the constant wars were to fight against the marxist beliefs of the people that wanted a better life. I stood aside myself in the thought that the unitied states is the impericalist regiume that uses her people, her sons as sacficational pawns to crush her idealigeolical rivials. The "final boss" of the states was the soviet union and her figurehead as Josef Stalin. Truth while cold and calsise, does not make it any less real. Stalin spoke "The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic." While the amount of deaths in the vietnam and korean wars pale in comparsion to the deaths of the USSR. The logical of Stalins words still apply.

I couldnt bare to look that the wall of names for much longer after my mind became a meta physical battle ground. I watched a parade of younger children come in and take pictures selfies of the memorial, I still look back and scorn them in my mind, but really how can I? based off my own logical systems and throught proccesses, those kids don't have any more or less clues as to who the fallen written on the stone was. To them it might have well just been a wall of numbers. Numbers who cried before them, numbers who laughed, and numbers who laid down their life.


 